# AI uBlock Origin Blacklist
A personal list for [uBlock Origin](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock) blocking AI content farms. Pull requests welcome.

## Install
You can [click here](https://subscribe.adblockplus.org/?location=https%3A%2F%2Fraw%2Egithubusercontent%2Ecom%2Falvi%2Dse%2Fai%2Dublock%2Dblacklist%2Fmaster%2Flist%2Etxt&title=AI%20Content%20Farms) to subscribe to this list automatically. This link works only if you have uBlock Origin installed.

Alternatively, import the following URL as a 3rd party list in uBlock Origin.
* `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alvi-se/ai-ublock-blacklist/master/list.txt`

## Why?
While browsing it happens ~sometimes~ **most of the times** that I come across websites which text is written by generative AI. These websites provide no useful information, have mediocre content and are filled up with ads to earn money.
So when I find this kind of website, I put it here.

As I said, I'm adding pages as I browse, so each entry is added manually. I'm not considering using automated tools simply because it's hard for an algorithm to understand if a page is AI generated or not, especially with the guidelines I wrote next. An argument could be that this list is useless because it's too short. However, since these websites are doing SEO to appear first on search engines, you will meet the same website more than once, especially for searches related to each other. I've found this list to be blocking websites since the very first day I began writing it, even with very few entries.

However, there is indeed some bias for my entries. For example, as I am an Italian citizen, you will find a lot of Italian websites. This is another reason why pull requests are welcome.

## How websites are added
Content farm have have some patterns that make them recognizable. Here are the ones I understood. Of course, these are not strict rules.

* **Unnecessary introduction and conclusion**: this is probably the easiest way to spot content farms. For example, you click on some guide on how to use a specific feature in Flutter.
  The article would begin giving an introduction about Flutter itself like the following:
  > In today’s fast-moving digital landscape, users expect apps to be fast, beautiful, and consistent across every device they touch.
  
  Probably, no human would write such an introduction to explain a *specific* feature.
  It would fit to generally speak about Flutter, but not for a super specific code that can be understood only by experienced developers. If I'm writing such an article, I'm supposing that
  the reader will already know what Flutter is!
* **No/few links to external content**
* **No sources and references**: same as above, but for for sources about facts. This is very important to check, especially for articles about (pseudo)science, politics and content that could
  spread misinformation.
* **Blog with hundreds of thousands of articles**
* **Date after November 2022**: a weak guideline for sure, but it adds up to all others. Can be easily faked though.
* **No/few images, videos, non-text media**: these pages are automatically generated and published, and it's hard to generate other kind of content to be put into the page.
* **AI generated images, logos**: usually it's the banner of the article or the blog logo.
* **Poor text formatting**
* **Not-rendered Markdown charcters**: text has no formatting and has Markdown syntax.
* **Reference to product of company**: the website is owned by a company that sells some product or service.
* **Long post, with unnecessary or out-of-context content**: at some point the article can start talking about another topic, which can be related to the original one but irrelevant.
* **Always on top of search engines result**: they are of course abusing SEO.
* **Know-it-all blog**: the same blog appears in the search engine for completely different topics.
* **Vague content**: lots of headings, each with a short content that provides no useful information.
* **Unprofessional or missing contact information**: they have bought a domain, why are they using Gmail for contact?
* **Vague or missing about page**
* **AI enthusiastic content**: if someone loves ChatGPT they will use it for **everything**. So if you stumble across an AI-devoted blog, it's for sure 100% AI generated.


## Google Dorks
Because AI users are dumb enough to copy-paste LLM responses without reading them, the LLM will sometimes reveal itself, for example in the intro of the content.
The following are some Google Dorks to find 100% AI generated pages. Such pages will have their whole domain put into the uBlock list.
Dorks can be easily generated by asking an LLM to generate naive content, for example by prompting `Generate an article for my blog about dogs`.
The LLM will answer with an intro like `Sure! Here's an article about`. Take this phrase and search it surrounded by quotes.
```
# English
"Sure! Here's an article about"

# Italian
"Certo! Ecco un articolo"
```

## My website is on your list!
Cry about it.

## Similar projects
- [uBlockOrigin & uBlacklist Huge AI Blocklist](https://github.com/laylavish/uBlockOrigin-HUGE-AI-Blocklist): this projects hides every AI related result from search engines, including
  websites that I believe are legit tools (e.g. ChatGPT). What I want instead is blocking access only to garbage AI content farms.
